nice one
ha
this is the world-renowned Danish man
michael learns to rock better known by
its acronym mltr the ban enraptured its
fans in kathmandu on saturday with all
popular songs
son my shoes
formed in 1988 the Danish pop soft rock
band that performs its songs in English
has sold over 11 million records
worldwide the band also successfully
sold another six million or more paid
downloads for their single take me to
your heart which was also awarded most
downloaded single of the year two
thousand six some of their other popular
songs include sleeping child 25 minutes
and out of the blue these songs which
are mostly romantic were very popular
among the teens in Asia during the 1990s
and no wonder the fans of the Danish man
in Kathmandu today were left spell down
by their performance oh man yeah but you
bear your own hair and eyes that's one
reason why I cover you sleeping child
prior to the arrival of mltr another
popular international singer Bryan Adams
had also arrived in Kathmandu and held
his concert it has been learned that ODC
network the event organizer of Bryan
Adams concert brought mltr to Nepal this
time in this way the trend of bringing
in a variety of artists to Nepal has
provided further impetus to the Nepal
tourism year 2011 kalka program aruba up
no concern honey Ileana ruin epal
tourism revenue there is support will
show
plus our money Valley after Alice our
library promote one question only
internationally suru NE ticket prices I
wish I alikom go underwater such efforts
of inviting foreign artists into the
country are indeed praiseworthy this has
not only helped boost the image of Nepal
in the international arena but has also
provided platform to international
artists to make their presence worldwide
similarly such periodic events also
serve as a great source of recreation
for the residents of Kathmandu it's a
trend of bringing international artists
to our country continues then it will
definitely promote to reconsider of our
country we came up with a focus on
estafa condo
hi
me some ID just
baby
to see you